# SamilaRT

SamilaRT is a Python program that generates artistic images using generative algorithms. It creates visually appealing images based on mathematical functions and allows you to explore different projections and color gradients.

## Prerequisites

Before running the program, make sure you have the following dependencies installed:

- Python 3.x
- samila package
- PIL package
- matplotlib package

You can install these dependencies using pip:
```
pip install samila Pillow matplotlib
```
## Usage

To run the program, execute the following command:
```
python SamilaRT.py
```

The program will display an ASCII art banner and provide a command prompt for interaction.

### Commands

The following commands are available:

- `help`: Show usage information
- `generate`: Start generating an artistic image
- `show`: Show a list of PNG files in the current directory
- `exit`: Stop the program

When you choose the `generate` command, you will be prompted to enter a seed value. The seed determines the randomness of the generated image. You can enter any random number for the seed.

After entering the seed, you will be prompted to select a projection type. Choose a number from 1 to 6 to select one of the predefined projections.

The program will generate two images based on the seed and chosen projection. It will plot the images using a random color gradient and save the final result as a PNG file in the current directory.

You can use the `show` command to view the PNG files generated by the program.

## Contributing

Contributions to SamilaRT are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/your-repo-link).

## Credits

SamilaRT was created by [gerryauditya](https://instagram.com/gerryaudityaa). The `samila` package, which is used in this program, was created by [sepandhaghighi](https://github.com/sepandhaghighi).
